docs: Add maintainer community standards (#476)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/developers/how-tos/maintain-a-repo.rst

.. _CCs Wiki Page: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/COMM/pages/3156344833/Core+Contributors+to+the+Open+edX+Project

Hold Yourself to Community Standards
************************************

A prerequisite for a Maintainer is to be a Core Contributor.  Part of what this
means is that you must hold yourself to the same standards as any CC - any
contributor, really - in your repository.  You are still a member of the
community, after all!

Here are a few rules-of-thumb to keep in mind:

* Participate!  Make yourself available in the several community communication

>   channels - Discourse, Slack, working group meetings, and, of course, Github

Reviewer: Should we make Discourse & Slack links? eg https://discuss.openedx.org/ and https://openedx.org/slack

  issues - to discuss matters related to your maintenance role publicly.  Don't
  restrict yourself to private conversation channels: this would make for an
  opaque project.

* Treat any change you or your organization want to make to the codebase as an
  open source contribution.  This means that any and all PRs must be properly
  reviewed by somebody other than the submitter.  And if the change is
  user-facing, it must necessarily undergo the public `Product Review Process`_.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important::
```
I think this may be a better callout!

   Adding a feature toggle around a piece of code does not exempt it from being
   put through the Product Review Process!  Even experiments must be approved

>    beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   beforehand; even if a feature is by default not shown, experimental code causes cognitive, testing, and potentially even release-impacting burdens.
```

I don't know if this is the right wording, but I think it's important to be explicit about the "why must this be approved"

* Your own PRs should have full descriptions, including testing instructions

>   and screenshots: anybody should be able to gleen from them not only the How,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and screenshots: anybody should be able to understand not only the How,
```
"glean" feels a bit obscure for all the ESL folk in our community

  but the Why.  Descriptions consisting solely of a link to a private page are

>   a big no-no!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a big no-no! Hint: Try viewing your link in an incognito browser to see if it is publicly available.
```

> * Just because you've been entrusted with write access, it doesn't mean you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Just because you've been entrusted with write access doesn't mean you
```
